As a technology consultant with experience working on high-profile Agile delivery projects,
Backing my abilities of a DevOps mindset, building relationships and hands-on technical ability,
I aspire to play the role of a Lead Engineer,
So that I could lead a team to facilitate the delivery of value - all the while enhancing the engineering culture within the organisation.

How could I help?

Cloud Adoption Journey
Collaborate with specialists in the organisation to design solutions based on customer needs, not on the latest buzzword in the market.
Leverage my technical experience to design scalable, fault-tolerant, secure, data-driven systems.
Assist the delivery teams to design architectures which adhere to Cloud-adoption guidelines.
Guide teams to implement CI/CD pipelines, monitoring, logging and alerting solutions.

DevOps Capability Upliftment
Work with different squads across the organisation and help bring them up to a minimum level of DevOps maturity. Encourage right behaviour and work to identify DevOps champions in teams.
Lead by example and demonstrate DevOps core values in every aspect of my work.
Collaborate with security teams to integrate compliance and software security checks in the development lifecycle. Work towards inculcating the mindset of ‘security-first’ in software delivery.

Solution Architecture
Work with business and delivery teams to design the architecture of the system based upon customer requirements. Documenting the design and presenting in different forums.
Be accountable for the design, build, technical leadership and standards for the platform(s).
Assist teams in discussions with the engineering community, security teams and enterprise architects.
Guide teams on the adoption of the right tools and processes so as to set them up for success.

Rally the Engineering Community
Facilitate technology discussions as part of the Community of Practice (CoP) sessions.
Mentor folks within the community and encourage them to lead CoP sessions.
Provide a forum and encourage engineers to present both their successes and failures to the community.
Having regular interactions with the senior leadership to provide vision and guidance to the engineering community.

In my spare time, I like to hike/trek/tramp around Wellington and yes, weed my garden! 
